1) I need two statistics extracted from the recognition-verified normalization experiment 
for a WACV submission. Both come from runs that already exist. Do not re-run the OCR.

CONTEXT
The synthetic-defect study evaluates 3 arms (none / open-loop / verified) across 5 
conditions (clean, shadow, glare, tungsten cast, shadow+cast) on 40 text-heavy pages 
(20 EN / 20 ZH). Current reported table has only point estimates:

            none    open    verified
clean       0.177   0.184   0.185
shadow      0.181   0.185   0.188
glare       0.187   0.197   0.199
tungsten    0.187   0.183   0.185
shadow+cast 0.180   0.185   0.187

TASK A: BOOTSTRAP CONFIDENCE INTERVALS
1. Locate the raw per-block or per-page OCR edit distances behind those 15 cell means.
   Find where they are cached (JSON/CSV/pickle). If only aggregate means were saved and 
   the per-page values are gone, tell me immediately and stop - do NOT fabricate them or 
   re-run anything without asking.
2. Reduce to per-PAGE mean edit distance so each cell is an array of length 40.
3. For each of the 15 cells, compute a 95% bootstrap CI by resampling the 40 pages with 
   replacement, 10000 iterations, fixed seed:

   rng = np.random.default_rng(0)
   idx = rng.integers(0, 40, size=(10000, 40))
   means = x[idx].mean(axis=1)
   lo, hi = np.percentile(means, [2.5, 97.5])

   IMPORTANT: resample PAGES, not blocks, and use the SAME resampled page indices across 
   all three arms within a condition (paired bootstrap). The arms are evaluated on 
   identical pages, so pairing is correct and gives tighter, honest intervals.
4. Additionally compute, for each condition, the paired bootstrap CI on the DIFFERENCE 
   (verified - none) and (verified - open). This is the number that actually matters: 
   if those CIs straddle zero, the arms are statistically indistinguishable.
5. Output a LaTeX-ready table with mean [lo, hi] per cell, and a separate small table of 
   the paired differences with their CIs.

TASK B: PROBE ACCEPTANCE RATE
1. Find where the recognition-verification gate makes its accept/reject decision (the 
   DBNet probe scoring confident-text surface before/after, kept only if score improves 
   >= 2%). Search for the threshold constant.
2. Instrument it to log every proposal: page id, page class (clean benchmark page vs 
   camera capture), correction type (glare inpaint / shadow flatten / rectify / contrast), 
   probe score before, probe score after, accepted bool.
3. Run the gate ONLY (no full parse - just preprocessing + probe) over:
   (a) the 40 synthetic-defect pages in all 5 conditions
   (b) the 44 uncontrolled camera captures
   (c) a sample of ~200 clean OmniDocBench pages
4. Report for each group: total proposals generated, number accepted, rejection rate, and 
   a breakdown by correction type. I specifically need the sentence "on clean benchmark 
   pages the probe rejects XX% of the corrections it is offered."
5. Also report the distribution of probe score ratios (after/before) for rejected vs 
   accepted proposals, so I can state the separation.

Report actual numbers. If a number cannot be recovered from existing artifacts, say so 
explicitly rather than estimating.


2) Build a publication-quality 4-panel figure for a WACV 2027 submission showing the 
deterministic formula geometry layer ("formula v2") operating on a REAL example from 
OmniDocBench. This is the paper's largest deterministic gain (+21.2 CDM, zero added 
parameters) and is currently described only in prose.

SELECT THE EXAMPLE
Search the OmniDocBench v1.6 predictions for a Formula detection box that exercises 
MULTIPLE stages of the geometry layer at once. Ideal candidate:
  - multi-line derivation (so row-band splitting fires)
  - contains at least one fraction (so fraction-bar fusion fires)
  - ideally has a trailing equation number (so trimming fires)
  - decodes correctly in the final build
Print 5-10 candidate page ids + box coords with a one-line description of which stages 
fire, and let me pick before you render. Do not pick a toy or synthetic formula - it must 
be a real crop from the benchmark.

PANELS (left to right, single row, or 2x2 if aspect ratio demands)
(a) RAW DETECTION: the original page crop with the PP-DocLayoutV3 Formula box drawn. 
    Caption the box with its confidence score.
(b) INK PROJECTION: the Otsu-binarized crop with the horizontal ink-mass projection 
    plotted alongside (rotated 90deg so it aligns with rows). Mark the detected row-band 
    split points with horizontal lines. Annotate the gap threshold max(6px, 0.25*band 
    height). Show at least one gap that was NOT split because a vertical ink bridge 
    spanned it (matrix/tall delimiter case) - annotate that too if the example has one.
(c) FUSION AND TRIMMING: show the resulting bands as colored overlays. Highlight the 
    fraction-bar triple that got re-fused (numerator / bar / denominator merged into one 
    band) in a distinct color. If an equation number was trimmed, show it struck through 
    or greyed.
(d) FINAL OUTPUT: the recognized LaTeX rendered (compile it, don't just print the source), 
    with the raw LaTeX string shown in monospace beneath. Optionally show the naive 
    baseline output (whole box decoded without the geometry layer) alongside it so the 
    contrast is visible - if you can cheaply produce that by disabling the geometry layer 
    for this one crop, do it, it makes the figure argue for itself.

STYLE REQUIREMENTS (WACV / CVF camera-ready standard)
- matplotlib, vector output, save as PDF (not PNG) so it stays sharp under zoom
- fits a single column (3.25in) OR full text width (6.9in) - build the full-width version, 
  I'll decide placement
- font: match the paper body, ~8pt for annotations, no font smaller than 6pt
- colorblind-safe palette, no red/green as the only distinguishing channel
- panel labels (a)(b)(c)(d) in bold, top-left of each panel
- no chartjunk, no gridlines, no titles inside panels (the caption carries the text)
- tight_layout / constrained_layout, minimal whitespace - space is at a premium
- Every annotation must be legible when the figure is printed at actual size on paper. 
  Assume a reviewer prints in greyscale.

Save to figures/formula_geometry.pdf and also dump the intermediate arrays so I can 
regenerate without re-running detection.

3) Build a publication-quality qualitative figure for a WACV 2027 submission showing the 
recognition-verification gate accepting and rejecting photometric corrections on REAL 
camera captures. This figure defends the paper's title mechanism, so it must be honest 
and must include a case where the gate REJECTS a correction.

SOURCE
The 44 uncontrolled defect captures (hand shadows, tungsten lamps, page curl, deep corner 
shadows, receipts). Find where these live.

SELECT 4-6 ROWS. Required cases (search the probe logs to find them):
  1. HAND SHADOW, REJECTED: the page where the shadow-divide's background estimate 
     contained text ink and the probe rejected with a ~7x score drop. This is the money 
     row - it shows the gate preventing damage that an open-loop stack would ship.
  2. RECEIPT / EMPTY-TO-READABLE: a capture whose end-to-end output was previously empty 
     and became fully readable. 
  3. ACCEPTED SHADOW FLATTEN: one of the 8 pages that pixel-statistics routing 
     misclassified as clean but the probe correctly accepted correction on.
  4. CLEAN PAGE / SLIDE, REJECTED: a benchmark slide with a strong background gradient 
     that scores HIGH on shadow statistics (the paper claims up to 0.60 dimming, higher 
     than genuine shadows at 0.06-0.29) but which the probe correctly leaves alone. This 
     is the inseparability argument made visual.
  5-6. Optional: glare inpainting case, page-curl/rectification case.

Print the candidate page ids with their probe scores before/after and the accept/reject 
decision, and let me confirm the selection before rendering.

LAYOUT
Rows = captures. Columns:
  (1) RAW capture (downscaled, but keep enough resolution that the defect is visible)
  (2) OPEN-LOOP output (correction applied unconditionally)
  (3) VERIFIED output (what PRISM actually uses - which for rejections is identical to 
      column 1; make that visually explicit rather than confusing)
Beneath or beside each row: a short OCR text excerpt (10-15 words) from each arm, with 
character errors highlighted, so the reader can SEE that the open-loop correction damaged 
the text in the rejection cases.
Annotate each row with the probe score ratio and a clear ACCEPTED / REJECTED badge.

CRITICAL HONESTY CONSTRAINT
Do not cherry-pick only wins. The figure must show at least one case where correction 
genuinely helps (accepted) and at least one where it would have hurt (rejected). If the 
probe made a WRONG call anywhere in the 44 captures, tell me - I would rather know and 
decide whether to show it than have a reviewer find it.

STYLE (WACV / CVF camera-ready standard)
- full text width (6.9in), vector PDF where possible (images will raster, that's fine, 
  but keep them >=150 DPI at final print size)
- crop tightly to the informative region of each page; do not show acres of background
- consistent image scale within a column
- 8pt annotations minimum, colorblind-safe, legible in greyscale print
- badges/labels must not obscure the document content they annotate

Save to figures/camera_verification_grid.pdf

4) Build a small honest failure-mode figure for a WACV 2027 submission, to sit next to the 
Limitations section. Reviewers trust papers that show their own failures; this figure 
exists to make the paper's stated boundary concrete rather than to hide anything.

SOURCE
The final v20 OmniDocBench v1.6 predictions vs ground truth. The paper localizes the 
residual gap to specific capacity-bound cells:
  - dense newspaper stock listings (three-column TEDS 57.1, newspaper TEDS 67.9)
  - handwritten / note-page formulas (note CDM 73.5 vs 91.2 on printed exams)
  - simplified-Chinese embedded formulas (CDM 77.0 vs 90.9 English)
  - old scans / degraded type (olmOCR-Bench old-scans 20.2)

SELECT 3 CASES, one per failure class, choosing the ones that are most DIAGNOSTIC (i.e. 
where the failure mode is visually obvious and clearly attributable to recognizer capacity 
rather than to a bug):
  1. Dense agate newspaper table where structure is partly recovered but cell content 
     degrades. Find a low-TEDS table and print its per-table score.
  2. Handwritten or CJK-embedded formula where the 20M Texo recognizer produces wrong 
     symbols. Print its CDM.
  3. An old-scan / degraded-type page where a character-level slip costs a unit test but 
     almost no edit distance (the paper cites "demanded" -> "demsded" - find the real 
     instance or an equivalent).

Print candidates with their scores first, let me confirm.

LAYOUT
Per case, side by side:
  (left) the input page/crop region
  (right) PRISM's output rendered, with the errors highlighted against ground truth 
          (diff-highlight the wrong characters/cells in a muted color)
  Below: one line stating the metric value and the attributed cause, e.g. 
  "TEDS 0.31 - structure recovered, cell content lost to 6pt type at 200 DPI"

The point of the figure is to show these are RECOGNITION-capacity failures, not 
orchestration failures. If any of the three cases turns out to actually be an 
orchestration or assembly bug rather than a capacity limit, TELL ME - that's a bug 
I should fix before submission, not a limitation I should illustrate.

STYLE (WACV / CVF camera-ready standard)
- single column (3.25in) preferred so it can sit inside the Limitations section; build 
  single-column, tell me if it's illegible and needs full width
- vector PDF, >=150 DPI for rastered page images at final print size
- 8pt minimum annotations, colorblind-safe, greyscale-legible
- tight crops, no wasted whitespace

Save to figures/failure_gallery.pdf

5) Build the efficiency frontier figure for a WACV 2027 submission. This is the paper's 
central visual argument: PRISM occupies a region of the accuracy/size plane that no other 
system reaches. All data already exists - no new experiments.

DATA: OmniDocBench v1.6 full, from Table 1 of the paper.
  System            Type            Weights   Overall
  MinerU2.5-Pro     VLM 1.2B        2.4 GB    95.75
  PaddleOCR-VL      VLM 0.9B        1.8 GB    94.18
  dots.ocr          VLM 3B          6 GB      90.77
  PRISM (ours)      Pipeline CPU    0.25 GB   86.62
  MinerU-Pipeline   Pipeline GPU    ~2 GB     86.47
  olmOCR            VLM 7B          14 GB     85.74
  Nanonets-OCR-s    VLM 3B          6 GB      83.61
  POINTS-Reader     VLM 3B          6 GB      83.37
  Marker            Pipeline GPU    ~3 GB     78.44
  (Exclude API-only models - Gemini, GPT-5.2, Mistral OCR - they have no weight figure. 
   Note their exclusion in the caption.)
  Also include the sub-300M CPU VLMs from Table 3 if you can source an OmniDocBench-
  comparable Overall for them; if not, omit and say so.

DESIGN
- X: model weights, LOG scale (0.1 GB to 20 GB). Y: Overall score.
- Marker SHAPE encodes hardware: filled circle = GPU required, square = CPU-only.
- Marker COLOR encodes family: VLM vs pipeline.
- PRISM drawn larger, in a distinct accent color, clearly labeled.
- Draw the Pareto frontier as a stepped line through the non-dominated points 
  (maximizing accuracy, minimizing weights). Verify PRISM is actually ON the frontier 
  before drawing it - if it is dominated by something, tell me immediately, do not hide it.
- Shade or bracket the region "within 10x of PRISM's weight budget" (0.025 to 2.5 GB) and 
  make visible that PRISM is the highest-accuracy system in that band by a wide margin.
- Label every point with its system name; use adjustText or manual offsets so labels do 
  not collide.
- Optionally encode latency as marker size, but ONLY if you have same-machine latency for 
  every point - do not mix measured and reported latency. If you cannot, drop the 
  encoding rather than faking it.

STYLE (WACV / CVF camera-ready standard)
- matplotlib, vector PDF, single column (3.25in) - build single-column first, tell me if 
  the labels are illegible and it needs full width
- 8pt fonts, colorblind-safe, greyscale-legible (shape must carry the CPU/GPU distinction 
  independent of color)
- no gridlines beyond faint log-scale minor ticks
Save to figures/efficiency_frontier.pdf

6) Run a latency vs thread-count scaling sweep for PRISM on the Windows machine and produce 
both the numbers and a publication-quality figure for a WACV 2027 submission.

WHY THIS MATTERS: PRISM is the only CPU-only system in the comparison, so it is the only 
one that can report this. A deployment reader wants to know what happens on the 4-core 
office machine they actually own, not the 16-core dev box.

SETUP
- Same 16-logical-core Windows 11 machine, onnxruntime, CPU only.
- Use affinity pinning to restrict the process tree to N logical cores, for 
  N in {1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 12, 16}.
- Set the onnxruntime intra-op thread count to match N (do not let it oversubscribe the 
  pinned core set - verify with a sanity check that the process is actually using only 
  N cores, e.g. via perf counters, before trusting the numbers).
- Use a FIXED representative subset of OmniDocBench v1.6 - I suggest ~100 pages stratified 
  across document types so the formula-heavy and table-heavy tails are represented. Use 
  the SAME pages at every thread count. Print which pages you selected.
- Single-worker configuration (not the dual-worker benchmark config) so the measurement 
  is interpretable.
- 3 repeats per thread count. Report mean and stdev.

MEASURE per thread count
- median, mean, p90, p99 latency per page
- peak RSS
- accuracy on the subset (Overall composite) - to CONFIRM it is invariant to thread count. 
  If accuracy shifts with thread count, that is a nondeterminism bug and I need to know 
  immediately.

ALSO: stage breakdown at N=4 and N=16
  Time spent in layout detection / OCR / formula decode / table / assembly. This tells the 
  reader which stage is the bottleneck at low core counts.

FIGURE
- X: thread count (log2 or linear). Y: median latency per page, with p90 as a shaded band.
- Overlay a dashed ideal-scaling line (latency at N=1 divided by N) so the reader sees 
  where scaling saturates and by how much.
- Annotate the 4-core point explicitly - that is the deployment-relevant number.
- Single column, vector PDF, 8pt fonts, colorblind-safe, greyscale-legible.
Save to figures/thread_scaling.pdf and dump the raw numbers as CSV.

Report the actual numbers. If scaling saturates badly (e.g. no gain past 8 threads), say 
so plainly - that is a real finding about the pipeline's parallelism and I would rather 
report it honestly than discover it in review.

7)Ablate the recognition-verification gate at the two sites where it has never been measured. 
This is the highest-priority experiment for a WACV 2027 submission: the paper's title is 
"Verification-Gated Orchestration" and claims the gate is the system's organizing 
principle recurring at three sites, but only ONE (photometric preprocessing) has a 
controlled measurement, and that one currently looks unfavorable.

THE THREE SITES (per the paper):
  1. Photometric preprocessing - probe-verified corrections   [already measured]
  2. Formula OOD routing - the CJK escape hatch, where a formula crop is probed with line 
     OCR and if it reads >=2 confident CJK characters, PRISM emits OCR-derived LaTeX 
     instead of decoding with Texo                            [NOT measured]
  3. Empty-page rescue - if assembled body has <30 content characters, the full normalized 
     page is OCR'd as a single block                          [NOT measured]

RUNS (each a full 1651-page OmniDocBench v1.6 run, official harness, identical build 
otherwise, CPU-only, same hardware):
  A. Full system (should reproduce 86.62 - verify it does before trusting anything else; 
     if it does not reproduce, STOP and tell me, we have a nondeterminism problem)
  B. CJK escape hatch DISABLED (always decode formulas with Texo, never route to OCR)
  C. Empty-page rescue DISABLED (no whole-page OCR fallback)
  D. Both disabled

For each run report: Overall, Text edit, CDM, TEDS, Order edit. Also report the 
per-language breakdown for run B (the CJK hatch should show up almost entirely in 
simplified_chinese CDM) and the count of pages affected by run C (the paper says empty-page 
rescue fires on pathological pages; I want to know on how many of the 1651 it actually 
fires, and what those pages score with and without it).

ALSO INSTRUMENT: how often does each gate FIRE?
  - CJK hatch: of all formula crops on CJK pages, what fraction get routed to OCR?
  - Empty-page rescue: how many of 1651 pages trigger it?

DELIVERABLE: a LaTeX table with rows A-D and the delta from full system, plus the firing 
rates. This lets the paper state "the verification gate is worth +X composite overall" 
with three measured sites instead of one.

HONESTY REQUIREMENT: if disabling a gate IMPROVES the score, report that plainly. If the 
gate is worth nothing, I need to know before a reviewer tells me - it would mean 
restructuring the paper's central claim, and it is far better to find that out now.

8) Run a sensitivity sweep on PRISM's per-class detection confidence gates for a WACV 2027 
submission. The purpose is defensive: the paper currently reports gates of 0.30 (formulas) 
/ 0.50 (all other classes) with no evidence that these were not tuned on the test set. A 
reviewer will raise this. Showing the composite is FLAT across a broad plateau removes the 
objection.

SWEEP
- Formula gate: {0.15, 0.20, 0.25, 0.30, 0.35, 0.40, 0.50}
- Other-class gate: {0.30, 0.40, 0.45, 0.50, 0.55, 0.60, 0.70}
- Run the cross product if affordable; if not, sweep each axis independently holding the 
  other at its reported value, and say so.
- Full 1651-page OmniDocBench v1.6, official harness, CPU, identical build otherwise.
- Report Overall / Text / CDM / TEDS / Order for every configuration.

WHAT I EXPECT AND WHAT WOULD WORRY ME
The paper's argument is that formula false negatives are catastrophic (region gets OCR'd 
as garbled text) while formula false positives are cheap, hence the asymmetric gate. If 
that is right, the composite should be relatively flat over a wide formula-gate range and 
degrade sharply only at high thresholds.

If instead the composite has a SHARP PEAK exactly at 0.30/0.50, tell me immediately. That 
would mean the gates ARE overfit to the benchmark and the honest move is to report the 
sensitivity curve and soften the claim, not to bury it.

DELIVERABLE
- A small figure: composite vs threshold, one line per gate, with the reported operating 
  point marked. Single column, vector PDF, 8pt, colorblind-safe, greyscale-legible.
- A one-line summary I can put in the paper: "the composite varies by less than X points 
  across formula gates in [a, b] and other-class gates in [c, d]."
Save to figures/threshold_sensitivity.pdf